---
class: blog-post
author: Abdhesh Nayak
layout: blogpost
type: project
title: Progman
subtitle: Learning application with online ide.
description: Learning application with online ide.
image: /assets/images/progman.jpg
sortdescp: "A Learning app with online compiler supports 45+ languages and deployed to playstore and haveing 1k+ active users."
---

<a href="http:gg.gg/progman" class="button">Download Now</a>

## Getting Started

I have given the study material in such a way that you can use this even if you are offline and it is specially made with the thought that from beginner to advanced level programmers can use it.

It consists of well explained basic fundamentals of various programming languages like c++, Python, Java, and many more.

what makes this app special and different from other apps is that I have given compilers of various programming languages on a single platform where you can even practice your skills dynamically while learning.

Features:-
Different Programming Languages compilers on a single platform
All the useful links are provided as per requirement
You can use this online as well as offline as per your wish.
there is a refresh feature given in the app where you can get all the updates regularly.
apart from programming languages many frameworks like Django, react tutorials are also provided here. All the Topics are categorized as chapter wise.
All the basic questions asked in the interviews are well explained in layman's language.

This is a "Programmers Hub" where you can learn and code at the same time.

This is developed based on the "Learn offline" capability so you can access all preloaded data even you are offline.

Currently, we are covering the tutorial on the following topics:-
C Programming
C++ Programming
Java Programming
Python Programming
Javascript Programming
Python Numpy
Python Pygame
Django framework
SQL Database

Mini projects with free of cost:
projects on C, C++, Java, Python

Interviews Questions with answers in different languages.

Currently, we are providing the compiler on the following Languages:-
Ada, Assembly
Bash, C#
C++ (gcc, clang, vc++)
C (GCC, clang, VC)
Client Side(Html, Css, Js)
Clojure, Common Lisp, D
Elixir, Erlang, F#
Fortran, Go, Haskell
Java, Javascript, Kotlin
Lua, MySql, Node.js
Ocaml, Octave
Objective-C, Oracle
Pascal, Perl, Php
PostgreSQL, Prolog
Python, Python 3
R, Rust, Ruby
Scala, Scheme
SQL Server
Swift, Tcl
Visual Basic

Useful tools this app contains:
Markdown Editor
CSS-Clip Path Maker
Sitemap generator
Hindi Unicode editor

My app enables you to carry these tutorials on the android platform.


**See also the list of [Contributors](https://prog-man.web.app) who participated in this project.**